Resolve custom queryset methods (#4)
UpliftAgency/django-easy-audit: README.md

            return crud_info
    ```

## Customising model queryset
Sometimes, you want to customise the queryset method used for fetching a specific instance.
For example, when using the [django-softdelete](https://django-safedelete.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) package and you want to record the `undelete` actions.

> 
> In order to customise the queryset used, add a `EASY_AUDIT_QUERYSET_METHOD` field to the specific model.
> 
> The value should be the name of the model static method that returns the needed queryset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In order to customise the queryset used, add a method named `get_easyaudit_queryset` to your model. The name of the method can be customized per model by setting the `EASY_AUDIT_QUERYSET_METHOD` attribute to the name of the method to use.

The value should be the name of the model method that returns the needed queryset.
```

Example:
```python

> class MyModel(models.Model):
>     ...
> 
>     EASY_AUDIT_QUERYSET_METHOD = 'get_easyaudit_queryset'
> 
>     ...
> 
>     @staticmethod
>     def get_easyaudit_queryset():
>         return MyModel.objects.all_with_deleted()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class MyModel(models.Model):
    ...

    @classmethod
    def get_easyaudit_queryset(cls):
        return cls.objects.all_with_deleted()
        
        
# Customize the queryset method used by easyaudit
class MyOtherModel(models.Model):
    EASY_AUDIT_QUERYSET_METHOD = 'get_scoped_queryset'

    ...

    @classmethod
    def get_scoped_queryset(cls):
        return cls.objects.filter(users__count__gt=0, owner__is_active=True)
```
